Add top/bottom docs. (#1048)
gravwell/wiki: search/topbottom/topbottom.md

# Top / Bottom Modules

The `top` and `bottom` modules show the top or bottom N values of a given enumerated value (or values) or entry. For example, to show the top 10 values of the enumerated value `foo`:

```gravwell
tag=foo json foo | top -n 10 foo
```

The output is sorted in descending order (ascending for the `bottom` module).

The modules use the same syntax. Each optionally takes one or more enumerated values. The modules will emit the top/bottom values of the given value. If no enumerated value is provided, the `DATA` field is used.

If multiple enumerated values are provided, the modules will sort by the top/bottom values of the enumerated values, in the provided order. If a two entries have the same value for a given enumerated value, the second enumerated value will be used.

For example, given:

| foo | bar |
|-----|-----|
| 1   |  1  |
| 10  | 9   |
| 10  | 200 |
| 10  | 100 |

and the query: 

```gravwell
tag=foo json foo bar | top -n 2 foo bar
```

The output will be:

| foo | bar |
|-----|-----|
| 10  | 200 | 
| 10  | 100 |

> In the example above, `top` took the top two values of `foo` first, and where `foo` had the same value, took the top value of `bar` instead.

Reviewer: "The output will be:

| foo | bar |
|-----|-----|
| 10  | 200 | 
| 10  | 100 |

In the example above, `top` took the top two values of `foo` first, and where `foo` had the same value, took the top value of `bar` instead."

I was a little but confused by this example. As I understand it, the small foo bar table in this example is sort of an intermediate step that shows how the processing works but the _**output**_ will be 10, 200 - just those two values. I would change the language here to resent this small table as an intermediate step (what's happening under the hood) and then say "so the final result will be: "

Author: No -- the returned data will be two entries. And those two entries each have a foo and bar value. And these are the values on the entries. Additionally it will come back in that order.

Reviewer: Gotcha! ok. I was still really confused when I read this, so maybe we can clarify in some way?

Reviewer: Maybe describe `bar` as a tie breaker. Saying "instead" makes me feel like `foo` should be discarded in favor of `bar`.

> Values must be numeric or able to be casted to a number. Non-numeric values are ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Values must be numeric or able to be cast to a number. Non-numeric values are ignored.
```

> The top module is functionally equivalent to sorting with a limit. For example:

Reviewer: I wonder if we should say this earlier. 
I know that we previously talked about top/bottom possibly having a different interpretation by some users. I think this helps to clarify that we aren't talking about top recurring frequency. 

```suggestion
The top and bottom modules are functionally equivalent to sorting with a limit. For example:
```

```gravwell
tag=foo json foo | top -n 10 foo
```

will produce the same result as

```gravwell
tag=foo json foo | sort by foo desc | limit 10
```

The `top` and `bottom` modules are however far more performant than using sort/limit.

## Flags

> - `-n <number>`: The "-n" flag specifies the number of entries to track. The default is 10. 

Reviewer: Is "track" the correct word to use here? 
I was thinking more like the number of entries to display or return. 

In your first example above, foo and bar each had four entries. I would have considered those the values to _consider_ and two values were _returned_. Tracking to me implies an ongoing activity and I don't think that's the case here. It returns values that were available at the time that the query was executed.
